Remove Flex branding from here and there (#248)
sharetribe/web-template: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/sharetribe/web-template.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/sharetribe/web-template)

> This is a template web application for a Sharetribe marketplaces. You could create your own unique

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a template web application for Sharetribe marketplaces. You could create your own unique
```

You can also follow along the
[Getting started with Sharetribe Web Template](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/introduction/getting-started-with-web-template/)
tutorial in the [Sharetribe Developer Docs](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/).

For more information of the configuration, see the
[Environment configuration variables](https://www.sharetribe.com/docs/ftw/ftw-env/) reference in
Sharetribe Developer Docs.

### For Windows users

We strongly recommend installing
[Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about), if you are
developing on Windows. These templates are made for Unix-like web services which is the most common

> environment type on host-services for web apps. Also, Developer Docs uses Unix-like commands in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment type on host-services for web apps. Also, the Developer Docs use Unix-like commands in
```
